Update cloudgateway_change_log.md (#4206)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: release-notes/DxMs/cloudgateway_change_log.md

# Cloud Gateway change log

#### 30 January 2025 - Enhancement - CloudGateway 2.17.1 - Cloud connection performance and stability improvements [ID ]

From now on the CloudGateway DxM will create multiple connections to dataminer.services instead of one which is possible since [Remote Access performance and stability improvements](xref:DCP_change_log_2025#27-january-2025---enhancement---remote-access-performance-and-stability-improvements-id-42043). 

This enhancement improves **performance** because it allows a higher request througput.

> Next to that it also improves the **stability** of the cloud connection. Connections will be able to disconnect and reconnect without having any downtime for Remote Access or Live Sharing features, as long as there is one or more connections still up. It is expected for connections to disconnect (and reconnect) at a regular basis, by example if (rolling) upgrades are deployed at dataminer.services or services are scaled down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next to that it also improves the **stability** of the cloud connection. Connections will be able to disconnect and reconnect without having any downtime for Remote Access or Live Sharing features, as long as at least one connection remains active. It is expected for connections to disconnect (and reconnect) at a regular basis, by example if (rolling) upgrades are deployed at dataminer.services or services are scaled down.
```

#### 30 January 2025 - Enhancement - CloudGateway 2.17.1 - Automatically force refresh access token when the cloud session is manually renewed [ID ]

> From now on, when the [cloud session is renewed](xref:Cloud_Connection_Issues#check-the-cloud-session) manually, another access token which is used for STaaS by example, will be refreshed instantly while before it could take up to 30 minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From now on, when the [cloud session is renewed](xref:Cloud_Connection_Issues#check-the-cloud-session) manually, another access token, which is used by STaaS for example, will be refreshed instantly while before it could take up to 30 minutes.
```

Reviewer: Or maybe put it (between brackets)

#### 30 January 2025 - Enhancement - CloudGateway 2.17.1 - Offload the local setting for Remote Access and Live Sharing [ID ]

The CloudGateway will offload [the local setting for Remote Access and Live Sharing](xref:Disabling_Remote_Access_and_Live_Sharing).

#### 30 January 2025 - Enhancement - CloudGateway 2.17.1 - Offload the ApiGateway health [ID ]

> The CloudGateway will offload the health of the ApiGateway. This allows to provide better technical support and for dataminer.services to validate if everything is correctly configured to use the DataMiner Cube desktop app remotely via dataminer.services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CloudGateway will offload the health of the ApiGateway. This allows for better technical support and for dataminer.services to validate if everything is correctly configured to use the DataMiner Cube desktop app remotely via dataminer.services.
```

#### 30 January 2025 - Enhancement - CloudGateway 2.17.1 - Offload error information if the state of the DMA cannot be determined [ID ]

> The CloudGateway will offload error information in case the running state of the DMA cannot be determined, by example if the SSL certificate for the web apis is invalid. This allows to provide better technical support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CloudGateway will offload error information in case the running state of the DMA cannot be determined, for example when the SSL certificate for the web apis is invalid. This allows to provide better technical support.
```

# Cloud Gateway change log

> #### 29 January 2025 - Enhancement - CloudGateway 2.17.1 - Cloud connection performance and stability improvements [ID ]

Author: ```suggestion
#### 29 January 2025 - Enhancement - CloudGateway 2.17.1 - Cloud connection performance and stability improvements [ID 41733]
```

From now on, when the [cloud session is renewed](xref:Cloud_Connection_Issues#check-the-cloud-session) manually, other access tokens, for example used by STaaS, will be refreshed instantly. Previously, this could take up to 30 minutes.

#### 29 January 2025 - Enhancement - CloudGateway 2.17.1 - Offloading of local setting for Remote Access and Live Sharing [ID 42080]

> Cloud Gateway will now offload [the local setting for Remote Access and Live Sharing](xref:Disabling_Remote_Access_and_Live_Sharing).

Reviewer 2: Could we also add the reason why this is done here? I think users will wonder about this.

Author: Same as below:
This allows for better technical support and for dataminer.services to validate if everything is correctly configured to use the DataMiner Cube desktop app remotely via dataminer.services.

> #### 29 January 2025 - Enhancement - CloudGateway 2.17.1 - Automatically force refresh access token when the cloud session is manually renewed [ID ]

Author: ```suggestion
#### 29 January 2025 - Enhancement - CloudGateway 2.17.1 - Automatically force refresh access token when the cloud session is manually renewed [ID 42081]
```

From now on, when the [cloud session is renewed](xref:Cloud_Connection_Issues#check-the-cloud-session) manually, another access token, which is used by STaaS for example, will be refreshed instantly while before it could take up to 30 minutes.

> #### 29 January 2025 - Enhancement - CloudGateway 2.17.1 - Offload the local setting for Remote Access and Live Sharing [ID ]

Author: ```suggestion
#### 29 January 2025 - Enhancement - CloudGateway 2.17.1 - Offload the local setting for Remote Access and Live Sharing [ID 42080]
```
